feat: allow set timeout for proxy-mirror (#6562)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/proxy-mirror.md

```

The plugin has been disabled now.

## Customize proxy timeout for mirrored sub-request

> We can customize proxy timeout for the mirrored sub-request in the `plugin_attr` of `conf/config.yaml`. This useful while mirroring traffic to a slow backend in a connection reused scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can customize proxy timeouts for the mirrored sub-request in the `plugin_attr` of `conf/config.yaml`. This is useful while mirroring traffic to a slow backend in a long connection scenario.
```

Author: done
